Issues/22 (#74)
trulysimple/tsargp: .changeset/cuddly-sloths-lick.md

---
'@trulysimple/tsargp-docs': patch
---

> Documented the new `useFilters` attribute for help options. Also added a tip in the Demo page for users to try out the new feature.

Author: ```suggestion
Updated the Options page to document the new `useFilters` attribute for help options. Also added a tip in the Demo page for users to try out the new feature.
```
